[Music]
Hey Vito are you in Valencia right now
you said you're in I'm getting lucky
because the rockets aren't going off dude I'm getting
lucky some some have been
heard and I've [ __ ] myself because I say let's
see Fran that they're getting into you there
again you know and I heard there loud
this what But how are things eh What do
you mean by the pair
ah well eh Well I haven't visited
the territories that were affected and
such that they are the most town areas
I'm in the center of Valencia But but well
the people the truth is that they are very
upset today in fact I think it's the
first time not the first year of fallas
not of the Valencia festivals for a long
time I would say that you don't see
political representatives of the
generality on the balcony watching the
mascletas eh I mean and it's very
significant because they know that they will be
eaten dude I mean I think that in the end
the Dana issue evidently has
many responsible but above all it
enters into the total disenchantment of the
people not against the
political class independently of
ideologies some have wanted to
capitalize on it and that is very  sad no and they have
wanted to focus all Mazón Mazón Mazón
that later could have been more
or less questionable no but
the government of Spain has also been there that has not
attended to the Valencians, that did not
respond and in that sense I think that I
tell you it is very strong that we see
how in a festival not a community as
large as Valencia, well there are no
politicians here or rather because you know you
think that they should resign for the
management of the Dana both Mason and
Pedro Sánchez man I think so I mean
also I was commenting on it the other day
is that you say because many people are asking for
Mazón's head and that's it I say let's see if it doesn't
seem wrong to me if
Mazón resigned but that he resigned after
Pedro Sánchez that he resigned after
Teresa Rivera who was preparing for her
exams for Brussels while
the people were in Valencia and the
Jucar Hydrographic Confederation without
responding to everything that was happening that the
president of the
Jucar Confederation resigned for not warning
of the overflowing of the Barranco del
Pollo that caused the tragedy In other words,
the politicians resigned  Damn, they
should put themselves in front and
above all, Pedro Sánchez, if they want
help, they should ask for it, he said, you know the
main question, is Amazon [ __ ] or
not?
Hey, exclusive, huge exclusive, you
know what they told me
Yesterday, people from the government told me yesterday
that I think they're going to kill me,
right or not because it's not bad, but I'm going
to say it here, the person I
was meeting with, Amazon, I don't know if it has
much, if it's very decisive or not, but
the person with whom he was, this woman,
apparently,
is a lesbian, she's
homosexual. So I was supporting him,
but if she had a husband, you didn't have a
husband, I don't know. They told me that the one he
met with, I think it's not the one they
say is. Ah, it's not the one, it's not the one I said it was
a person, you say that the one they
say has a husband, I do
n't know. He told me that he was
meeting with a woman, to me. And these are
his colleagues from Pep, that he was
meeting with a woman, but this
woman is a lesbian, that apparently he
had a meeting with a person
on the subject of journalism, not a
means of communication and such, and he was
meeting  then with another woman yes because
yes she has a husband she was with a woman
but but that she was a lesbian I mean it doesn't
seem to me it seems weak eh It
seems to me the weak excuse I don't know
but but he is very well known in
Valencia or so to say that he comes out then half a year
half a year later saying no no but
it doesn't deny it
elende maybe maybe
maón identifies as a woman now no but that
no that you were entertained at a
meal he thought that the blood was not going to
reach the river eh never Better said and and he was
enjoying himself eating and and he didn't feel like
attending to his
obligations or so for me it has to
come on for me it's not that
Sánchez and masón have to resign for me
personally when people have a
dangerous position of responsibility that
endangers people's lives, whether it
be machinery, a construction site, a
factory or whatever, you have
criminal consequences if not if you are
negligent for me not only
would masón and Pedro
Sánchez have to resign but criminal consequences
both of them [Music]